Do you think they bought it?
Of course they bought it!
Well, Mama sounded suspicious and I
can hear my heart beating so loudly that I
think other people can hear it, but...
Oh, suit.
I'm going to choose to believe your
heart's beating for me and take it as a
compliment.
So, how much secret science
time do we have today?
A few hours. FAL is busy
on their own missions,
so nobody should notice if I hijack
their servers for a little private world
building.
Collaboration in action!
That's what the Gizmo Cloud is all about!
Meh.
I planned alternatives.
The Gizmo Void, Gizmo Space, Gizmo-topia!
Yeah, it wasn't the cloud
part I had a problem with.
Oh, man!
Another glitch!
You know, Dr. Gearloose could
help us get rid of these bugs.
No, no, we can't tell
anyone about this place!
Uh, not yet.
But we made this place
to share with the world!
Shouldn't we start sharing?
How many times have you shared an amazing
invention with someone only to have them
call you a dangerous crackpot?
Today?
Everything has to be perfect
before we share this place.
Any place where we're together
already is perfect.
Mmm, gross.
-This is going to be-
-I'm Meilin Lee, and ever since I turned 13,
I've been doing my own thing,
making my own moves, 24-7, 365!
I wear what I want, say what I want,
and I will not hesitate to do a spontaneous
cartwheel if I feel so moved!
Oh, crap!
Not to brag, but being 13 means
I'm officially a grown-up!
At least according to the
Toronto Transit Commission.
Good for you.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
All about that hair song, am I right?
HOPE
Big day, big day, big
day, big day, big day!
Yes! Rise Good morning Flint
Rockwood and lab partner Ivar.
Hello.
Hey, monkey, excuse me.
I'm an ape.
What a place to be
for good innovation.
brain within my ape's brain.
Look at your ducking. I'll be your
welcome back. Are you ready to live?
Oh, am I? Fight for you and me.
Monkey. Ate.
Follow me boys. Welcome to Libcorp.
There are caffeine stations
every ten feet.
Soy free soy latte. Thanks.
Hot.
Not too bad yourself, monkey.
Caffeine patches are available 24 hours.
And our mocha yoga classes are
offered in beginner or grande.
Over here, indoor sports,
those are encouraged.
Oh, cool. I've never played volleyball.
Well, neither have they.
You'll fit right in.
Can your ideas change the world?
Behold, the motivation pod.
I know, right?
Quinoa latte?
Absolutely.
Your ideas change the world.
Gas tester V poster?
They can. Mine too. So can mine.
I have great ideas.
Absolutely. I've got my idea pants on.
Mmm. Finquinauts.
Awesome! Hey, hey, excuse me.
I'm Aww. I'm just...
Oh, that's not even a possibility
until our next vesting ceremony.
Oh, what's that?
That's where Chester V handpicks a great
inventor and makes him into a think-a-not.
Win, win!
Next one's in six months, so submit your
ideas and who knows, he might choose you.
Really?
Hot chocolate with double
whipped whipped cream?
Thanks. Okay, Steve.
We have six months until
the vesting ceremony.
Let's do this thing.
Okay. That's the spirit, Steve.
Say goodbye to ice cubes
with the Ree Freeza Fan.
Can your ideas change the world?
The Forkin' Knifein' Spooninator.
The Grocery Deliverator.
Can your ideas change the world?
Invisible Coffee Table.
Ah! Great.
Slick! The Celebrationator.
A party in a box for any occasion.
Okay, Steve. Time to celebrate.
Ah! Here you go, Dad.
Hope you like it. Steve picked it out.
Steve! Woo hoo! Yeah! Top
of the leaderboard. Woo!
You wanna follow me, Seth?
Fire release.
What? It's a level 15 strike, man.
You're mine for an hour.
What? Loser, loser.
Give that back. Ooh.
Come on. Really, guys?
Not on top now, Noah.
Don't focus on the negative.
It's very aging.
138 friends are laughing. Three
people are following Science Squad.
Three people actually like science?
Wow. Two people are following
Science Squad.
Um, I could follow you, Ava.
I got a beebot.
It's just, it's at home,
um, downloading my profile.
[both sobbing]
dreams do come true.
Oh, um... Okay.
Commencing Biodynamic Concealment
Test Number 83, batch 5.
Exothermic reaction?
That's an exothermic reaction.
Uh, Lovey, could I borrow
a feather, please?
Thank you.
Here's a little something for you.
If this works, he'll have
to give me my job back.
No way. It worked.
It worked.
Lovey, it worked.
What
Wait, why do you need all that
to take me to the airport?
The winner by total annihilation, Yama!
Who's next?
Where's the guts to step into
the ring with little Yama?
Can I try?
I have a robot.
I built it myself.
Beat it, kid.
House rules.
You gotta pay to play.
Oh, uh, is this enough?
What's your name, little boy?
Hero?
Hero Hamada?
Prepare your bot, Zero.
Two bots enter, one bot leaves.
Fighters ready?
Fight!
That was my first fight.
Can I try again?
No one likes a sword loser, little boy.
Go home.
I've got more money.
Fighters ready? Fight!
Mega Bot, destroy.
Huh? No
more little Yama.
But what?
This is not possible.
Hey, I'm as surprised as you are.
Beginner's luck.
Do you want to go again, Yama?
No one hustles Yama.
Whoa, hey.
Teach him a lesson.
Hey, fellas.
Let's talk about this.
Hero, get up.
Todashi. Oh, good timing.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, mama.
You okay? Yeah.
Are you hurt? No.
Then what were you thinking, knucklehead?
You graduated high school when you
were 13, and this is what you're doing?
Bot fighting is illegal.
You're gonna get yourself arrested.
Bot fighting is not illegal.
Betting on bot fighting, that's
illegal, but so lucrative.
Come on a roll, big brother.
And there is no stopping me.
Oh, no.
Trespassing, burglary, mayhem,
assault with a deadly reptile?
As if those poor rodents haven't
been through enough already.
Diane, please.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry, professor, but
I'm calling the chief.
Please, come on.
This experiment is over.
Experiments?
You couldn't help yourself.
So I had a moment of weakness.
Sue me. It's gonna be difficult
to do from prison.
Guys, what do we do now?
Time to launch that charm offensive.
Oh, yeah, the fool Clooney.
Madame Governor, Diane.
Do not Clooney me, wolf.
Oh, I see what's going on.
I think I'm still a bad guy.
Trying to bamboozle my way to freedom.
But we've changed.
That flower of goodness is
blossoming all over the place.
Don't you ever get tired of lying?
No.
I mean, fudge.
That was a trick question, right?
I gave you an opportunity, a chance to
show the world that you're more than just a
scary stereotype, but you're too proud
or too gutless to take advantage of it.
Gutless?
I'm gutless?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Have we met? I'm the
villain of every story.
Guilty until proven innocent, even
if by some miracle we did change.
Who's going to believe us, huh?
Of course you wouldn't know anything about
that with your little miss perfect power
suits.
Is that so?
Wait a second.
What did...
How did you... A wolf and
a fox are not so different.
Maybe they will believe you.
Maybe they won't.
But it doesn't matter.
Don't do it for them.
Do it for you.
This is a chance to write your own story,
to find a better life for you and your
friends. Come on.
What have you got to lose?
I don't know.
My dignity?
Yeah, well, that ship has already sailed.
Believe it or not, I'm
rooting for you, wolf.
So you're not going to call the chief?
I'll see you at the gala.
Mother of pearl.
Here we go.
Yeah, if my parents found out I
was up here, wolf, it would be bad.
Thank you, but...
Killed it per usual.
Check it out.
I'm
Oh my gosh.
Tyler is an insecure jerkwad.
Words were exchanged.
He's dead.
I killed him.
Alright. Man oh man of shavits.
That looked so fun.
Yes, can I be a pop-up?
I don't know. Can you
be annoyingly aggressive?
I don't know.
Can I? Can I? Can I? Can I? Can I? Can
I? Can I? Can I? Can I? Can I? Can I? Can I?
Can I? Oh, yes.
You're perfect. Here.
Thank you.
Well, if you're going, I want to go.
No, baby. You gotta stay
here and be my movie star.
What? No, no, no.
Me and the kid are like shoes and socks.
Or peanut butter and bacon.
One cannot exist without the other.
Go on, kid, tell her.
It's true.
In fact, it's so true that we will
be fine if we're apart for a minute.
Come on, pal.
It's my game we're trying to save.
I just want to get out
there and be useful.
Without me?
What if you get lost?
You're just a kid.
Oh, and you're some mature adult.
Well, I'm bigger.
Don't be insecure, big fella.
She's not going to get lost, I promise.
She'll be in my personal wet browser.
And your app comes with Buzz Face,
so you can keep in touch anywhere on the
internet.
See?
I'll be fine.
I know.
I just...
We haven't been apart in like six years.
I'm going to miss you.
You'll be fine, too. The
more hearts your videos get,
the faster we'll get the wheel
and then we can go home.
Look, we'll be celebrating the
tappers this time tomorrow, buddy.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Bye! Be careful, huh? Don't be a dummy.
So where exactly are you sending her?
Well, since Candy Girl
comes from an arcade game,
I'm thinking she'd be good
in the gaming district.
Oh, no, no, no, no. Bad idea.
Those games are dangerous
and they rot your brain.
Why don't we send her somewhere a little
more totally different than that and
nowhere near there.
Let's see.
Family-friendly fan sites.
That sounds safe.
And she is technically a princess, so
how about this one here with the sweet little
pink castle?
I love it. Okay, I'll redirect
our newest pop-up to OhMyDisney.
com.
There you go. Those are Fred's.
Go crazy. Oh.
Mm-hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm.
Good boy.
Mr. Gru?
Well, I did what, yes?
Hi.
Agent Lucy Wilde of the AVL. Oh.
Whoops.
Ahem.
Sorry. You're gonna have to come with me.
Oh, sorry.
I... PRAISE EYE! You know, you really
should announce your weapons after you fire
them, Mr. Gru. For example...
Get out!
Lipstick taser! Oh,
it works so good. Man.
Large. Person.
Oh. Sorry.
Get in there, you big... Ah!
Whoa! Whoa!
Ah! I'm about my money,
I ain't worth a...
for s'il's sake.
Pinz and D'vils!
Good afternoon, Mr. Gru.
I apologize for our methods
in getting you in.
I don't.
I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
I am not gonna lie, I enjoyed that.
Every second of it gave me
a bit of a buzz, actually.
That's enough, Agent Wilde.
Sorry.
Okay, this is bogus!
I don't know who you people
think you are, but...
We are the Anti-Villain League, an ultra-secret
organization dedicated to fighting
crime on a global scale.
Rob a bank? We're not interested.
Kill someone, not our deal.
But you want to melt the polar
ice caps, or vaporize Mount Fuji,
or even steal the moon?
Then we notice.
First of all, you got
no proof that I did that.
Second, after I did
do that, I put it back.
We're well aware of that, Mr. Gru.
That's why we brought you here.
I am the League's Director,
Silas Ramsbottom.
Bottom.
Hilarious.
Agent Wilde.
Oh, me now? Um, recently an entire top
secret lab disappeared from the Arctic
Circle. Yeah, the entire lab.
Just...
gone.
Where did it go?
I don't care.
Hmm.
The lab was devoted to experiments
involving PX41, a transmutation serum.
What is PX41, you ask?
It's pretty bad.
Look. Oh, you usually don't
see that in bunnies.
As you can see, in the wrong hands, the
PX41 serum could be the most devastating
weapon on Earth.
Fortunately, it has a very
distinct chemical footprint.
And using the latest chem tracking
technology, we found traces of it in the
Paradise Mall.
A mall?
Precisely. And we believe that one of
these shop owners is a master criminal.
And that's where you come in.
As an ex-villain, you know
how a villain thinks.
How a villain acts.
The plan is to set you up undercover
at a shop in the mall,
where hopefully you'll be able to...
Okay, I see where this is going, with
all the Mission Impossible stuff, but no, no!
Leave me father alone.
And a legitimate businessman.
I am developing a line of
delicious jams and jellies.
Heh heh.
Jams and jellies. Oh, attitude.
That's right. So thanks, but no thanks.
And here's a tip. Instead of
tasing people and kidnapping them,
maybe you should just give them a call.
Good day, Mr. Sheep's Butt.
Ram's bottom.
Oh yeah, I like that's any better.
Look,
I probably shouldn't be saying this,
but your work as a villain was kind of
amazing. So if you ever want to
get back to doing something awesome,
give us a call.
Oh, we're running out of time.
Fenton, what's wrong?
People are asking questions.
I'm putting too much on Huey.
It's time for the gizmo
cloud to go public.
It's not ready.
Let's let others help us make it ready.
The more minds, the merrier.
The more minds, the more chances people
are going to shut the project down.
Gandra, please. It's not like letting
one person in is going to wreck everything.
This experiment means everything to me.
Why can't we just keep this our secret?
Because great science is worth sharing.
But what if it all falls apart right now?
But once other people know, it'll
be just like any other project.
They'll judge and poke holes.
And what if I'm not good enough?
The project, the cloud, I mean.
I never cared about what people
thought about me until I met you.
And I don't care what anyone thinks
about us because I know you.
Oh, Fenton.
You know, I want you.
It's not a secret I tried to hide.
I know you want me.
So don't keep saying hands are tied.
You claim it's not in the cards.
Fate is pulling you miles
away and out of reach from me.
But you're here in my heart.
So who can stop me if I decide
that you're my destiny?
What if we rewrite the stars?
Say you were made to be mine.
Nothing could keep us apart.
You'd be the one I was meant to find.
It's up to you and it's up to me.
No one can say what we get to be.
So why don't we rewrite the stars?
Maybe the world could be yours tonight.
You think it's easy?
You think... But there are mountains
And there are doors that we can't walk
through I know you're wondering why Because
we're able to be just you and me Within
these walls But when we... and see
that it was hopeless after all No
one can rewrite the stars
How can you fake your mind?
you were See that the world
can be ours tonight...
All I... me all of you It feels
impossible, is it impossible?
See that impossible See you were...
me No one can say what we get Changing
the world to be ours Aw yeah!
Robots, I order you to
upload the kill code,
which I predicted but I'm not gonna make
a big deal about it, and save the world!
Working on it, in a couple
minutes it's done!
Buuuut do you know what else is working?
Pigeon! Aw dude, don't worry,
you'll make new friends,
and maybe you can meet another smart-
These guys aren't gonna abandon you,
they're part of-
May I? Not this time,
lovey, thank you Ow!
Joker? Well, that's not good Woohoo!
Woohoo! Good morning, Jules!
Hey,
everyone, look what I found!
Blue?
Kids?
Where did everybody- Okay,
who's ready for some breakfast?
Unbelievable.
Did you know that these whole wheat pancakes
have twice the vitamins and minerals
of regular pancakes?
And with the blueberries,
it's four times as tasty!
Hey, where are the blueberries?
Oh, Dad! Looking for this?
Bring it. It's down to the final minutes.
He's got magic in his feet!
He shoots! He scores!
Oh yeah, I got it, I'm good.
Heads up, Dad! Uh oh.
Awesome.
Hi, Mom!
Busted. Time to both.
Oh, hey honey, you hungry?
Blue, we talked about this.
Did we? Yeah, so what do you got there?
Breakfast?
That's funny, but seriously,
what is that?
It's a Brazil nut.
I never thought I'd find
one this close to the city.
I want to show the kids how to open one.
You mean like this?
Dad already showed us!
Wait, wait, wait, go back!
Mom!
Dad!
You're on TV! The Birdman of Brazil
announced an important discovery today.
We believe we have encountered a wild
blue spix macaw deep in the Amazon jungle.
The blue spix macaw was thought
to be practically extinct,
with the last remaining family living
under protection at the Bluebird Sanctuary in
Rio de Janeiro.
We're famous!
If these birds can be found,
their home will be saved.
There may be a whole flock
out there, and if there is,
we will fight them and protect them.
Hi, Blue!
Hi, Linda! We're not the only ones.
There are more of us out there.
Great, I'm sure there are...
All this time, I thought...
I thought we were alone.
Hey, that hasn't been all bad.
Oh, of course not, but just imagine
if there was a whole flock of us.
How amazing would that be?
We gotta do something.
We do?
Yeah, we have to fly to the Amazon
and help Linda and Tulio find them!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, we can't
just pack up and go.
It's about time this family
got a little air under our wings.
Why not?
Look at us! I-pods, TV, pancakes!
We're not people, we're birds!
We have to get out into
the wild and be birds, Blue!
Let the kids connect to their
roots, show them what I had!
They need this.
We need this. Come on,
Blue, what do you say?
Uh, I don't know.
Maybe, uh...
He didn't say no. Which means
he practically said yes.
It's gonna be so much fun!
Yeah! Woo-hoo! We're going to the Amazon!
Wait, what's the Amazon?
And now, face the Bruce,
and action her cause.
And what is the cause for we?
the real cause.
Oh, you damn toy.
Huh, you wear this.
I didn't say that.
Family. Huh, well, uh,
they got us to work.
I'm right.
Stop work! Back to the
way they got us work.
Oh, sweetheart. Oh, sweetheart.
No man is to work.
Like, how else?
Okay, no biggie.
You'll figure this out, Lee.
Just be the calm, mature adult.
It's fine. We're gonna
head back to, uh...
You got this.
How about you?
What'll you do when you win?
Wow, your life is so
much cooler than mine.
I never go anywhere.
I just dream about it.
We're just being stupid.
The panda's dangerous.
Out of control.
I think I know how you feel.
My parents were gonna send me away.
But it's over now. Because
it'll be amazing.
Every day, me and Alberto
are gonna ride someplace new.
And every night, we'll
sleep under the fish.
But I'm a monster.
All our hopes and dreams
are pinned on me.
Silencio Bruno.
That's just
I don't know.
And it's not over.
We back on that race.
We won't crash on your
mark. Ready, set, go.
Watch that snail doing that jab.
Born to be number one.
Eat that deadly race fast.
Now that's battle to the metal.
That's all the people see.
You You see this man moving fast.
You You see him gaining position.
But first he don't be lost.
He's ready to make a dash.
Let's get this man.
Mr. Ramsbottom?
Oh, hello. What are you doing here?
We got him.
Got who?
Floyd Eagleson.
Our agents located a secret room in
his shop last night and discovered this.
It's empty, but we found
traces of the PX410 a minute.
He's our man.
So somehow, in spite of your
incompetence, we solved this one.
I was framed!
You won't get away with this!
Get your mitts off of me!
I am a legitimate businessman.
Alright, so what now?
Well, now you're free to
go back to your business.
Mmm, jams and jellies.
And it looks like Agent Wilde will
be transferring to our Australian branch.
Australia?
Yes.
But thank you for everything.
And by everything, of
course, I mean nothing.
Toodle-pip and cheerio, Mr. Grew.
Hey there.
Hey.
So, we got him.
Yay!
That's great.
And now you're going to Australia?
Well, it's not definite yet.
Still figuring it out.
Already been working on my accent.
Wallaby, Dejuree-doo, Hugh Jackman.
So, um, pretty excited.
Great.
Well, good luck.
Thanks.
You too.
Oh, here.
I wanted to give you this.
Your lipstick taser?
Yeah, it's just a memento.
Just, you know, from
the first time we met.
Oh, thank you, Lucy.
Agent Wilde?
Well, it looks like they need you, so...
Yeah, I, uh, I better go.
Bye, Grew.
We're running out of time.
Fenton, what's wrong?
People are asking questions.
I'm putting too much on Hughie.
It's time for the gizmo
cloud to go public.
It's not ready.
Let's let others help us make it ready.
The more minds, the merrier.
The more minds, the more chances
people are gonna shut the project down.
Gandra, please. It's not like letting
one person in is gonna wreck everything.
This experiment means everything to me.
Why can't we just keep this our secret?
Because great science is worth sharing.
But what if it all falls apart?
Right now it's just us,
but once other people know,
it'll be just like any other project.
They'll judge and poke holes and...
What if I'm not good enough?
The project, the cloud, I mean...
I never cared about what people
thought about me until I met you.
And I don't care what anyone thinks
about us, because I know you.
Oh, Fenton.
Dangerous food creatures detected.
Stay put.
We'll find a destroyer.
You better hide him. Hey gang, today's
the day we find the Flintstones on Earth.
Barry! You can't be here.
Sam, I was thinking about
what you said last night.
Anyone?
What?
Me too!
Right. Listen, I have been acting weird,
but it's only because I'm under a lot of
pressure.
Anyone?
What?
So true! But I'm also doing this for us.
You see, I still want Sparkswood
to happen, but it can't.
Not until I become a great
inventor like Chester V. Flint,
you don't have to prove anything.
Oh, Lockwood!
How goes the inventing?
Uh, very good, sir.
I was up all night making this.
I call it the Flint Lockwood Food Jungle
Topographical Pointing Machine, or...
The Flift-a-tip-em!
Brilliant!
Thank you, sir.
Follow the beam, find the machine.
All I have to do now
is cut the leg holes.
Ooh. Huh.
Well, maybe it's better here.
Great idea, Sam.
And guys, you can help me by, uh...
Excuse us. Your friends are
distracting you from our mission.
Distracting? My chest hairs
just don't trust that, Chester.
We should be hunting the Flit-a-smitters
for not chit-chatting.
But, sir, I... ...am heading into
the deepest, darkest part of the jungle.
You need to focus on saving the world.
Be a hero.
Okay, you're right, sir.
Excellent!
Let's go!
Okay, Barry, time to go home now.
Okay, okay.
Okay, one more hug, Barry.
Ready?
Right.
Barry. You, Barry.
And I'm Sam Sparks.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay,
Barry, time to go home now.
Now go.
You go on home.
Bye. Okay, now that we're all really comfortable,
I can't wait for you guys to see
my new movie.
I think it might be a masterpiece.
Kitty Glitter.
It's scientifically proven that watching
kittens causes the enterochromatin cells
to release serotonin.
Amazon!
Let's go!
Come on, Dad, come on!
Okay, bug spray, check.
Water purifier, check.
Band-aids.
I feel like I'm forgetting something.
The all-in-one adventurer's knife.
Call
That's not for you.
Did you know the Amazon has snakes
that can swallow you whole?
Actually, Bia, all those stories
are highly exaggerated.
No, really, look.
That's sick.
All right, we ready to go?
A fanny pack? Yeah, Linda gave it to me.
I need it for the GPS.
Oh, what's the GPS? Hey!
Carla, we're leaving.
I'm not going. It's gonna be lame.
Okay, here it is.
The voice recognition makes
it totally foolproof.
Here, watch this. Find Linda and Tulio.
Searching for dinner in Tokyo.
Oh, okay.
Well, actually, that does
sound like a nice suggestion.
You trust this woman?
Yes, I do.
It's okay, Dad, really.
These are great.
A plane trip to Miami.
It's been 60 years and you go
all the way there for one show.
For one song.
Oh, I do, I do.
I mean, not much, but just
a song my mom used to sing.
They say that art reveals more
about the viewer than the artist.
Mr. Poodleton.
parents found out I was up here.
It would be bad.
So, thank you, but.
Killed it per usual.
Check it out.
Tyler is an insecure jerkwad.
Words works. The plan is to set you
up undercover at a shop in the mall where
hopefully you'll be able to.
Yeah, I see where this is going with all
the Mission Impossible stuff, but no, no.
What are you even talking about?
Oh, we're going to the internet.
What?
Yeah, to find the part to fix your game.
Yeah, I probably should have just
said we're going to the internet.
No way!
We're going to the internet! hey,
hey, hey.
Please, Kevin, Jerry, watch
the girls for me, okay?
Dave, Stewart, come this way with me.
Come on.
We're stealth ninjas.
We make no sound. Right.
Gotcha. Alright, Hamacho.
You're going down.
Wait, wait.
What?
What are you doing?
I'm checking for laser
beam alarm triggers.
It's a restaurant!
You never know what kind of booby
traps this guy could have said.
Huh?
Come on. There are no booby traps.
Ha! Booby!
Oh, there's a chicken.
Are you lost, little guy?
You must be lost.
Some guard dog.
Whoa!
Oh no, no, no!
Get it off of me!
I got you!
What is wrong with that chicken?
Hey, that polo is loco.
No?
Okay, let's go. You getting anything?
No, not yet.
But hey, maybe you can find
something with these x-rays.
How are they working?
Oh, that's an image I'll
never get out of my brain.
Ah! I knew it!
The serum is in here!
Oh, this is going to be good.
Ah! Ah!
What?
Salsa? Oh, it's a Oh.
Somebody's going to die tonight.
Pajito! What did I do to you?
Pajito, can you hear me?
Who would do this to such
a sweet little chicken?
What?
Who's there?
Uh-oh.
You coming out? Where am I going?
munchkins.
been spotted.
Come get us.
Hey, look who we have left.
I have you now Huh?
Yay! Gerato!
Doba! Doba!
Hey!
Gerato! Pachaya Gerato!
Oh no!
Oh no! Oh no!
Huh? Ooh! Kirito!
Yay! Ice cream!
delts for days.
Forget that!
I'm starting to black out!
I think I'm getting carpal tunnel.
No pain, no gain, Priya.
Come on, chop chop! Five, ten.
The concert's this Saturday
and we're still a hundred short!
I knew we should've charged
more for photos.
Ah! Stupid stupid stupid!
May, breathe.
It's in the bag.
What? What's the point of getting to
the concert if you're too exhausted to enjoy
it? Now take a break and
help me appreciate some boys.
Okay, okay, okay.
Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up?
Oh, looking good!
Nice catch!
Are you a triangle?
Cause you look cute!
That is so weird.
Are you spying on us?
I wanna talk to you, Lee.
Forget it.
Fine. Wonder if your mom knows her precious
little maymay has been flaunting the
panda all over school.
That's part of your business! Now
put that thing away and hear me out.
What do you want?
I wanna throw a sick birthday party.
An epic one. It's this Friday.
If you're there, everyone will come.
Simple as that. A party?
Look, I've done you a favor
keeping my mouth shut.
All I'm asking for is one back.
Hmm.
I'll do it.
But it'll cost you one.
No, 200 bucks.
Okay.
Hold, please.
Are you serious?
You can't trust him.
It's a trap. This sounds
like a boy-girl party.
Are we allowed to boy-girl parties?
Guys, 200 bucks will put us over the top.
We have to do this.
We'll meet at Tyler's, I'll do
my thing, and then we'll bounce.
Easy peasy.
Dude, what about your mom?
Forget my mom.
I'll be back before she
even knows I'm gone.
But, hey, Dorkbag, we're in.
But you only get the panda for an hour.
And we're not bringing any presents.
Deal. I told you not to trust that woman.
That's a Heliconius larva.
It's about to enter the pupa stage.
You said poop. Hey,
kids, kids, stay close.
I'll get them. Okay, you guys stay put.
I'll look around.
No worries. We'll be here.
We're not going anywhere.
My feathers is popping
up in the back of my neck.
I don't like this.
Let's back it up. Beep.
Beep.
Mia? Tiago?
Come on, lady.
Don't let me down. Calculating
route to Funkytown.
Oh, great. Okay, guys.
Guys?
Good one, guys.
Very funny.
Good. Good. Very witty.
Jewel, where are you?
Kids? Jewel?
It's a macaw!
Let me go! Let me go, you heathens!
Blue? I swear that sounded like Blue.
That's impossible.
He's back home in Rio, safe and sound.
I am an American citizen, you savage!
I demand to see my ambassador!
I know my rights!
I know my rights! Back, you barbarian!
Yeah, that's right.
It's a spoon and a fork.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Whoa, whoa, buddy!
Put the spork down.
Let me go! Let me go!
Put me down! You lucky I ain't big!
You lucky I ain't big!
I can't believe we found them!
Well, technically, they found us.
Okay, we're gonna need some name tags.
Whoa, ah, hello, ah, okay, ah.
No, no, those are breath mints.
Ah, not that you need
one, but they're good.
You eat them. Oh, whoa, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, not the whole box!
Get that out of here!
What is this doing here?
What's going on? We found them
flying too close to the humans.
What? And who are you?
Ah, is not an appropriate answer.
I ask you a question.
Where did you come from?
Hey, back off!
Hey, excuse me, young lady.
I can't believe it.
How, how, how, how is this?
When the loggers came, there was
fire and so much smoke and, and, and...
I had you under my wing
and, and then you were...
Gone. I've looked everywhere for you.
I'm here.
Daddy! Daddy?
I missed you.
It's okay. It's okay now.
Daddy has you. Look at you.
It's my little girl.
A very unpleasant fall.
Finish the job, Lockwood.
Yes, sir. Made it!
Flitch the film on her.
Look, I'm sorry I have to do this to you.
Again. But I can't let your swimming
cheese spiders destroy Lady Liberty
or the world.
Oh! Oh!
Sir! Sir, there it is.
In all its glory.
Chester, look, I can't do this.
Oh, okay.
I will.
What? Wait. Chester, wait.
We can't destroy it.
Ah!
Let go of me, Lockwood.
No, sir.
I can't let you do this.
No! No! Nooooooo!
BS USB... reprogrammed it?
It was never gonna turn off the machine.
A BS USB. Hello?
Your machine is what I wanted all along.
You...
lied to me.
Of course I lied to you.
I knew you'd eventually fall
for these pathetic creatures.
But...
but you were my idol.
My whole life I looked up to you.
I wanted to be you!
Oh, Lockwood.
I was just using you
to get your invention.
We're ready.
Launch operation slice and dice.
Ah!
And now that I've got what
I want, I no longer need you.
I'm afraid we're going
to have to let you...
Wait, wait, wait. No, no, please.
heh. Oh.
That's not natural. Okay, Steve. Me and
you put our two brilliant minds together.
We will get out of here.
Steve? Grant, do you ever get the feeling
that maybe Steve Lockwood is just a
monkey? Why would you say that about him?
Earl, why would you ever say that?!
Of course he's just a monkey.
How stupid are you people?
No one should ever put
any trust in a monkey.
Chester thinks you're a monkey.
Well, I'm an ape.
Chester knows that.
But he calls you a monkey.
Ooh!
It is true.
He does.
He's just joking around.
Chester's my best friend.
If Chester was really your friend,
would he still call you a monkey?
Flint!
Dad. What's happening, son?
You look terrible.
What's with all of them?
They saved my life.
I let Chester steal the machine and now
he's starting operation slice and dice.
Come on, son. You're really
not making any sense.
Look, Chester's gonna wipe
out all the food-imals.
My friends tried to tell me they
were good, but I didn't listen.
Everything I touch just gets ruined.
Barry?
Barry.
I'm so sorry I misjudged you.
I should have listened to Sam.
What is it, Barry?
What are you trying to say?
Uh-huh. Saa, saa, sasspah.
Sassy pants. Dad? Dada, Dada!
Sam and the gang? Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Oh, oh, it looks like a, uh,
a, uh, a sentinel of safety.
Dada, Dada, Dada, Dada.
Ah, sassy pants.
Sassy pants? No, Dad.
He's saying sentinels captured
Sam and the gang.
Nubba, nubba.
He nubba, nubba.
Hey, mom! Come here! Good, G-Spider?
Uh, sasspah.
Got it, Barry. Diba, diba, booba,
dee, bop, ba, dooba, dee.
Thanks, G-Spider.
Barry, use the grocery deliverator
to save your friends.
I'll go save mine.
Hey, freeze!
Fine. Oh, that hurt.
Oh! Why?
Oh, I was just up. Oh!
Ah! Oh!
Ah! Oh! Lockwood?
You still alive?
That's right. Hands up!
Give me back my friends.
Of course! No, it's not.
I'm ready. I don't have the help.
Hey, friends.
Sam! Guys!
Chester, let them go.
Oh, don't worry, Lockwood.
I'll let them go. Oh, dude.
I can see them coming.
Oh, whoa.
Food bars?
You're going to turn them into food bars?
Yes.
Food bars. The lifeblood of my company.
You are out of the action.
You look always delicious.
And like always delicious. You up-cut.
You over-dense. You over-dense.
You always come.
Always. Hit the ground.
It's on the bottom. You pluck.
You pluck it. Oh, better than that, you're
a better person than the way I live.
I can't do this.
Hey, you're not the
way the world is up to.
You have to tell me about that.
You're a terrible guy.
You ruined it. You win, right?
You owe it.
I love my gosh, you're a professional.
Oh, you got the acumen.
You owe this to a button.
Oh, whatever, whatever. I
can do this. Oh, we're dying.
Boom. Okay.
You are dismissed.
Ooh, we did it.
Yes. You're
out. Come on, Fire away this.
I'm a bit jealous. Oh, well, I'm better.
Party's over.
I think it's time to celebrate.
Thanks, lab partner.
Help me.
I'm so sorry for being such a.
Okay, I guess I deserve that.
I don't like a sock.
I'm out.
One drop of my venom
can kill a hundred men.
So.
It's over Chester.
Now hand over the flits.
No, never.
Oh, shot.
Oh, I'd so we sell.
Oh, that will leave a
bad taste in your mouth.
Oh Oh Oh.
Go right ahead, dear. Guys!
Do you think we can still work together?
I think we will work great together.
Come on, bring it on in, Barb.
Ah, this is nice.
Ape! Monkey.
I'm proud of you, son.
Thanks, Dad.
But there's one last thing I need to do.
Have your lunch for the train.
Si.
Sweater if it gets cold.
For the millionth time, Si.
I love you too, Papa.
Ah, sanse mozzarella.
We did it.
Well, Julia, can't wait
to race next summer.
Or we could just have fun.
Ciao, Julia.
Ciao, regazzi.
A presto. Well, let's
go fix up our Vespa.
Yeah, about that.
Crazy thing. I might have sold it.
Luca?
Mom?
What are you all doing here?
If you promise to write to us every
single day and be as safe as possible,
and I mean safer than safe,
you can go to school.
I can?
It's all arranged, actually.
You'd stay with Julia and her mom.
Your friend talked them into it.
It wasn't easy.
Luca, do you promise?
Yes, yes, I promise.
Thank you. Just remember, we
are always here for you, okay?
Hey, look me in the eye.
You know I love you, right?
I know. Come on, Alberto.
The train's gonna leave.
And that's when I discovered
law enforcement.
I'm proud of you, Will.
Dad, come on.
Oh, what?
You're not off! I'm not gonna do it!